Dear Madam, my name is Tam and I live in Hanoi.   I
have a question I'd like to ask you, teacher.  For the past three months
, my child has been constantly restless and
anxious, especially during the day.  I often wake up in the
middle of the night, my heart races, and I
frequently have nightmares.  Sometimes I dream of someone
lying next to me, or of a wedding.  There were times when I felt hopeless,
thinking my life was meaningless and that I was an
ungrateful burden to my mother and those who had
helped me, and I even considered ending my life.
The reason is that three months ago, I
voluntarily submitted my resignation.
Government officials while undergoing training are provided with
support.  After the break, my child
worked outside for two weeks.  During
this time, I regretted quitting my
job, but I don't understand why I
wrote that resignation letter then.  During this time,
my family moved, and the
new place made us feel more anxious and caused us more insomnia.  I'm
not sure if my mood is due to being laid off
or if there's
another reason.  I would really appreciate it if you could answer my question
.  What karmic cause led to this situation?
I beg for your blessings and merits, Venerable Nun.  Dear friends
and all esteemed fellow practitioners.
Now, address your problem right
now.
We shouldn't fixate on a specific
job;
we should do whatever work we can, as long as it's
good and allows us to live a fulfilling life
.  Don't think that just because you graduated from
university you can't get a job as a construction worker.
Don't think like that.  When I went to
university, I had a lot of social
interactions, and I learned a lot there,
right?  But now, since I can't find that kind of job
anywhere, I've taken a job as a
construction worker because now it's my life that I
need to live.  And those
construction workers, they probably survived too.  Before, we had
friends in universities; now we
have friends in construction workers.
So try to be more open-minded, don't be like that.   As long
as you manage to keep yourself
enthusiastic, passionate, and dedicated.  If you
think like this, you'll never
get autism and no evil spirit will be able to harm
you.  No ghost can break through.  If
we have this mindset, we just
want to contribute in this way.
If we want to contribute, we can work as
waiters in a coffee shop; we can learn
a lot there, but the people
who always look down on us make us feel
like we're always superior, right?
I'll end up being like that woman or
that man, always
looking for something better, and in the end, I wo
n't even have enough to eat.
That's what Yen is saying in the present.  But
now Yen is returning to her past, and that is karma.
In many lifetimes, I have caused others to
lose their jobs, employment, and
income because of my abuse of power and authority.
Right?  Therefore, if someone develops a
mindset that doesn't want to rest, they should voluntarily choose to
rest.  This is karma manifesting itself in
one's thoughts.  If I quit this job, I'd
rather go work here.  But it couldn't be
done there.  It's better to regret leaving the old place.  I miss my
old place so much, I'm just wandering around aimlessly.  I'll just wander around aimlessly for
a while, then go take a break and look for work somewhere.  If you ask for something in
one place and it's not satisfactory, you
ask for something else.  That's right, I always think
I need to have a really high and
prestigious place, one that's worthy of me.  So you shouldn't
do that.  Tell me what you can
contribute
to someone or to whomever you have the opportunity right now, and just contribute.  For example, I
could be a coffee server at a
coffee shop; I would learn a lot there.
So, billionaire Binget rose from shining
shoes.  As long as when this billionaire shines shoes,
he will do so with the intention of making the
customer's shoes really shiny and satisfied.
That's the spirit of dedication.
Your dedication and commitment will take you from
one position to another until you reach
your rightful place.
So now, go serve
coffee.
While serving coffee at our place,
I learned how to greet and welcome guests
properly.  And then, instead of
just serving coffee, I ended up
cleaning up, and what?  Worried about the owner.  Sooner or
later, after one or two years, I'll be promoted to a
management position, right?  Then,
in this coffee shop,
people came to me, and I appreciated
my polite manner of treating them,
earning the trust and affection of the owner.
Those guests might ask
what he studied, and I've studied before.  That's how I got
my promotion.  Right
?  If we serve with sincerity and enthusiasm,
our karma will change.  So,
what kind of blessings usually result from giving alms?  A blessed fruit.  Therefore,
whatever job you do, don't think of it as anything in particular
.  Don't compare yourself to others; instead,
compare yourself to see if you have the same enthusiasm and
dedication.  That's all
we need to qualify for
promotion.  Teacher, do you understand this part?
That's it, the condition for advancement lies
within your own heart.  And within the family,
we live virtuously.
When parents are upset at home, they should be served,
right?  When dealing with friends, be
sincere.  Don't feel inferior now that
you're studying at the top university and
still can't find a job.  The
most incompetent person got a job, so we should think
about whether he did good deeds in the past,
right?  So now we have to do good deeds
.  As for
your restless sleep, it's partly
due to psychological factors, but whatever the psychological aspect, it
must also be related to karma from a previous life.
Therefore, you should make a vow to listen to the
repentance scriptures and dedicate the merits to the
wronged souls who are causing you
distress.
[music]